Enhance sitting task and bug fixes (#37)
rwth-acis/Virtual-Agents-Framework: Documentation/manual/sitting.md

﻿# Sitting

The agent can sit down on a <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.Chair> using <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.AgentTasks.AgentSittingTask>, or use the convenience shortcut <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.ScheduleBasedExecution.TaskActions.GoToAndSit*> from <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.ScheduleBasedExecution.TaskActions> to first walk to the chair and then sit.

## Requirements

The sitting implementation relies on the <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.Chair> component on a game object in the scene that represents the chair. You should add the chair component to the root of the chair and assign at least the following two transforms to the chair component. You can add empty game objects as children of the chair to assign these transforms:

> 1. <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.Chair.StandingFeetPosition> - This is the position the agent will initially walk to and stand on when sitting down and to where it will return when standing up. Idearly it should be positioned right in front of the chair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.Chair.StandingFeetPosition> - This is the position the agent will initially walk to and stand on when sitting down and to where it will return when standing up. Ideally it should be positioned right in front of the chair.
```

> 2. <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.Chair.SeatedHipPosition> - This is the position the agent will moves it's hips to when sitting down. Idearly it should be positioned slightly above the chair seat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.Chair.SeatedHipPosition> - This is the position the agent will move its hips to when sitting down. Ideally it should be positioned slightly above the chair seat.
```

Additional chair settings:

> - <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.Chair.SeatedFeetPosition> - Used as the seated foot target, this could be a feet rest on the chair. When it is not set, the <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.Chair> falls back to <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.Chair.StandingFeetPosition>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.Chair.SeatedFeetPosition> - Used as the seated foot target, this could be a footrest on the chair. When it is not set, the <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.Chair> falls back to <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.Chair.StandingFeetPosition>.
```

```csharp
            taskSystem.Tasks.GoToAndSit(Chair, SittingDirection.SITDOWN);
            taskSystem.Tasks.WaitForSeconds(3);
            // GoToAndSit is also used for making the agent standup from a chair
            taskSystem.Tasks.GoToAndSit(Chair, SittingDirection.STANDUP);
            
            // If no SittingDirection is defined it will automatically be toggled
            taskSystem.Tasks.GoToAndSit(Stool);
            taskSystem.Tasks.WaitForSeconds(3);
            taskSystem.Tasks.GoToAndSit(Stool); 

```

## Using <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.AgentTasks.AgentSittingTask>

<xref:i5.VirtualAgents.AgentTasks.AgentSittingTask> takes a <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.Chair> instance and a <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.SittingDirection>:

- <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.AgentTasks.SittingDirection.SITDOWN> makes the agent sit if it is standing.
- <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.AgentTasks.SittingDirection.STANDUP> makes the agent stand if it is sitting.

> - <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.AgentTasks.SittingDirection.TOGGLE> switches between both states depending on the current animation state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<xref:i5.VirtualAgents.AgentTasks.AgentSittingTask> takes a <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.Chair> instance and a <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.AgentTasks.SittingDirection>:

- <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.AgentTasks.SittingDirection.SITDOWN> makes the agent sit if it is standing.
- <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.AgentTasks.SittingDirection.STANDUP> makes the agent stand if it is sitting.
- <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.AgentTasks.SittingDirection.TOGGLE> switches between both states depending on the current animation state.
```

```csharp
AgentSittingTask sittingTask = new AgentSittingTask(chair, SittingDirection.SITDOWN);
AgentSittingTask standingTask = new AgentSittingTask(chair, SittingDirection.STANDUP);

taskSystem.ScheduleTask(sittingTask);
taskSystem.Tasks.WaitForSeconds(3);
taskSystem.ScheduleTask(standingTask);

```

## Example Scenes

The framework contains an example scene that demonstrates sitting on different chairs and stools.

> During execution of the scene, the agent walks to a chair, sits down, stands up, picks up an item, and then walks to a stool to do the same. Checkout the ``Chair`` and ``Stool`` gameobjects in the scene to see how the chair component is set up and how the different transforms are assigned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During execution of the scene, the agent walks to a chair, sits down, stands up, picks up an item, and then walks to a stool to do the same. Check out the ``Chair`` and ``Stool`` gameobjects in the scene to see how the chair component is set up and how the different transforms are assigned.
```
